so this is a slightly different video is
one where further you get some makeover
instead of me so we're gonna make Furby
up and make him look beautiful and if
you want to know how to make your Furby
up as well then keep watching because
it's super simple easy and cheap as well
okay so this is my half completed Furby
and he is 100% confident in himself as a
boy Furby even though he's pink so he
does not mind the sparkles the Furby is
currently asleep at the moment and I've
half done one of his sort of eye sockets
if that makes sense already so just to
see what the best system was so I'm just
gonna peel off a single gem it's taking
the first one at the top of the of the
ice okay the good thing about these
being sort of cheap children's quality
is that they are not on there forever
and while sticking them down you can
move them around really easily as well
the next time I put on is at the bottom
and I try and get it in as much of a
straight line as possible to the gem
that I've placed on the top and you'll
see why I do it like that later you have
cut sort of the eye into halves gonna
cut it into sort of quarters so the next
chair i put on is basically as i'm
cutting his eye into quarters so i press
it so by doing it like that these can
act as our markers for how to evenly
place the gems to get those looking as
neat as possible so where we over marks
are I already we then can just we know
that it will be even if we place the gem
in the middle of these two gems another
one in the middle of these two gems it's
gonna place one in the center for both
other circles there because it would
look to cost it if I had one gem at the
end sort of this point and then another
gem for this about that point for this I
suck at the final gem just above the
beak let's wake him up and see what he
thinks is gonna work
do you like her new look fabbi i think
that means that he does
versions of this on eBay for about $100
and I really really wanted one and I
always thought that if I was to like win
the lottery or something one of the
things that I would buy would be a
jammed up at the furby the only thing
that I need to use was these sticky back
plastic gems that I actually got I say
it came as a free gift with the
children's craft magazines I've had
these a very long time maybe since I was
12 years old they're really good because
they come on a tape of sort of
double-sided sticky tape or something so
you can see I've got all these different
shapes here but I just use the circular
ones and what makes them so good is
because they're kind of of a low quality
because their children's product they're
very easy once you've stuck them on just
sort of maneuver them around to get them
perfectly spaced apart and they're very
easy to take off again they do not leave
a mark on your Furby your Furby like
stays intact so if there's just
something that you just want to do for a
short period maybe they'll come a time
where I'll get bored you can get these
from eBay but you shouldn't used to
customize the phone cases or whatever
but what's really important is that
they're just this sticky ones and like
double sided sticky tape on the back of
them not to use glue unless you want it
and you're sure that you want it as a
permanent feature of your fabbi I only
got a few amount of gems with mine if
you out of the circle gems but if you've
got more you could even do it all along
the ears if you had the patience for it
and in the markings between the feet as
well so this is so far I love it so much
and I hope that you enjoy it as well
you